dbt copilot ide ga (#7011)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot.md

--- 
title: "Enable dbt Copilot" 
sidebar_label: "Enable dbt Copilot" 
description: "Enable dbt Copilot, an AI-powered assistant, in dbt Cloud to speed up your development." 
---

# Enable dbt Copilot <Lifecycle status="enterprise" /> 

<IntroText>
Enable dbt Copilot, an AI-powered assistant, in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and focus on delivering quality data.
</IntroText>

This page explains how to enable dbt Copilot in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and allow you to focus on delivering quality data.

## Prerequisites

- Available in the dbt Cloud only.
- Must have a [dbt Cloud Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).
- Development environment is on a supported [release track](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) to receive ongoing updates.
- By default, dbt Copilot deployments use a central OpenAI API key managed by dbt Labs. Alternatively, you can [provide your own OpenAI API key](#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok).

> - Accept and sign legal agreements. Reach out to your Account team to begin this process.

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Opt-in to AI features by following the steps in the next section in your **Account settings**.

## Enable dbt Copilot

> dbt Copilot is available to your account after your organization has signed the required legal documents. It's disabled by default. A dbt Cloud admin can enable it by following these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To opt in to dbt Copilot, a dbt Cloud admin can follow these steps:
```

> description: "Enable the dbt Copilot AI engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development." 

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Enable dbt Copilot, an AI-powered assistant, in dbt Cloud to speed up your development." 
```

---

# Enable dbt Copilot <Lifecycle status="enterprise" /> 

<IntroText>

> Enable the dbt Copilot AI engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and focus on delivering quality data.

Author: ```suggestion
Enable dbt Copilot, an AI-powered assistant, in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and focus on delivering quality data.
```

</IntroText>

> This page explains how to enable the dbt Copilot engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and allow you to focus on delivering quality data.

Author: ```suggestion
This page explains how to enable dbt Copilot in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and allow you to focus on delivering quality data.
```

## Prerequisites

- Available in the dbt Cloud only.
- Must have a [dbt Cloud Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).
- Development environment is on a supported [release track](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) to receive ongoing updates.
- By default, dbt Copilot deployments use a central OpenAI API key managed by dbt Labs. Alternatively, you can [provide your own OpenAI API key](#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok).
- Accept and sign legal agreements. Reach out to your Account team to begin this process.
- Opt-in to AI features by following the steps in the next section in your **Account settings**.

## Enable dbt Copilot

dbt Copilot is available to your account after your organization has signed the required legal documents. It's disabled by default. A dbt Cloud admin can enable it by following these steps:

1. Navigate to **Account settings** in the navigation menu.
2. Under **Settings**, confirm the account you're enabling.
3. Click **Edit** in the top right corner.
4. Enable the **Enable account access to AI-powered features** option.

> 5. Click **Save**. You should now have the dbt Copilot AI engine enabled for use.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save**. You should now have dbt Copilot AI enabled for use.
```

description: "Enable the dbt Copilot AI engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development." 
---

# Enable dbt Copilot <Lifecycle status="enterprise" /> 

<IntroText>
Enable the dbt Copilot AI engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and focus on delivering quality data.
</IntroText>

This page explains how to enable the dbt Copilot engine in dbt Cloud to speed up your development and allow you to focus on delivering quality data.

## Prerequisites

- Available in the dbt Cloud only.
- Must have a [dbt Cloud Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).
- Development environment is on a supported [release track](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) to receive ongoing updates.
- By default, dbt Copilot deployments use a central OpenAI API key managed by dbt Labs. Alternatively, you can [provide your own OpenAI API key](#bringing-your-own-openai-api-key-byok).

> - Accept and sign legal agreements. Reach out to your Account team to begin this process.

Author: confirm with @grabowskit if this is correct

- Opt-in to AI features by following the steps in the next section in your **Account settings**.

## Enable dbt Copilot

> dbt Copilot is available to your account after your organization has signed the required legal documents. It's disabled by default. A dbt Cloud admin can enable it by following these steps:

Author: confirm with @grabowskit if this is correct

> dbt Copilot is an available to your account after your organization has signed the required legal documents. It's disabled by default. A dbt Cloud admin can enable it by following these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Copilot is available to your account after your organization has signed the required legal documents. It's disabled by default. A dbt Cloud admin can enable it by following these steps:
```

1. Navigate to **Account settings** in the navigation menu.
2. Under **Settings**, confirm the account you're enabling.
3. Click **Edit** in the top right corner.
4. Enable the **Enable account access to AI-powered features** option.

> 5. Click **Save**. You should now have the dbt Copilot AI engine enabled for use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save**. You should now have the dbt Copilot AI engine enabled for use.
```
